[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and launched an attack
on the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had controlled
the Kingdom of Dressrosa
and threatened to
kill its people.
In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until finally, Luffy took down
Doflamingo himself.
I didn't picture you to be
a cottage man, Kyros.
[KYROS]
Quaint, is it not?
It was something Scarlet and I
found suitable at the time.
I apologize if it's not
as elegant as the palace.
It'll do.
Here's some provisions.
Help yourselves.
Question, Sir Law!
Who is this towheaded fellow
that you brought back with you?
[LAW]
Straw Hat's friend.
I didn't wanna
just leave him there.
Don't mind me.
I'm going to turn in
for the night.
You're all welcome to anything
you find in the pantry.
Though, that may be
limited to dry meat.
Meat...
Then we should make sure
we get our fill
before the carnivore wakes up.
[USOPP]
No way! He's out cold already?
Come on! And you, too?
[ROBIN chuckles]
Like you have
any room to talk, bro.
Well, can't really
blame him, can we?
My money's on him sleeping in
longer than anybody.
[ROBIN] I think it's for
the best if we let them be.
[ZORO] You think there'd be
at least one bottle
of hooch hidden away--
Someone's here.
[SABO]
Hey, catch.
Sabo!
Hey.
[ZORO]
You know him?
That's Sabo. Luffy's brother.
[ZORO, FRANKY]
He is?
[chuckles]
He's a Revolutionary Army buddy?
[ROBIN]
Correct. Hey, Luffy.
Wait. No need to wake him up.
I just came to see him
before I go.
Go? So soon?
Yeah. There's some trouble
heading towards
Dressrosa as we speak.
Who's "trouble"?
It's CP-0.
[gasps]
Remember the Doflamingo mix-up?
They played a key role in it.
I'd be real cautious.
They're coming for us.
Things are gonna get a bit crazy
around here in a day or two.
It'd be in your best interest
to hit the road
as soon as possible.
We appreciate it. Thank you.
Well, we weren't really planning
on stayin' here long anyway.
I'm still kinda shocked that
Luffy has another brother.
[FRANKY] Right?
It's the first I heard of it.
That figures.
I think it surprised
Luffy most of all.
You wanna follow up on that one?
[SABO] Many years ago,
I was presumed to be dead.
[BOTH gasp]
Luffy, Ace, and I were
inseparable, running amok,
and raising all sorts of hell.
In the city,
in the forest, anywhere.
Ol' Garp would try
his best to keep us in line.
But we wanted to
grow up and be pirates.
[SABO] We made a vow
and became brothers
by sharing some saké together.
[snoring]
But one day, I was involved
in a bad accident.
Or rather, a bad incident.
Say. I was wondering.
Did you know that there's
supposed to be a fire
going on in
Gray Terminal tonight?
[NOBLE C] It's important
we all keep our mouths shut.
We come from
great noble families.
[SABO]
Ace! Luffy!
There's something
wrong with this town!
Something wrong
with these people!
They know people are gonna die.
They're happy people
are going to die!
They're sick!
This whole place is sick!
I can't stay here any longer!
I have to tell them, right now!
[SABO]
Luffy! Ace! Run!
[DRAGON]
What happened to you, boy?
[SABO] High Town reeks worse
than Gray Terminal ever did.
The people act civilized, but on
the inside, they're all rotten!
They only care about
making themselves look good,
no matter what it takes!
I can't stay here.
If I do, then I'll
never be free!
[gasps]
[SABO]
Don't worry, guys. I'm fine.
I just wish I could
see you, even once.
[SABO]
It looks nice from the outside.
But this house is a birdcage.
I'm gonna lose my mind
if I have to stay in this
stuffy, stuck-up place.
[SABO]
I thought I found freedom,
but it seems to
keep slipping away.
Nice weather today!
It's just perfect
for setting sail!
[gasps] Wow,
that's one big ship!
Insolent fool!
Damn!
Why'd he shoot at me?
[JALMACK SUBORDINATE A]
Saint Jalmack!
There's a child on that ship!
[JALMACK] Anyone who flies a
black flag is a filthy pirate!
His age is irrelevant.
He must pay.
[JALMACK SUBORDINATE A gasps]
[gasps]
A commoner should know better.
Don't cross my ship,
you stupid pirate brat!
[gasps]
[SABO]
Ace. Luffy.
Help me. Somebody.
Please. Help.
[IVANKOV]
He's late! Too late!
What happened?
What in the world
is keeping him so long?
Ivankov, please, calm down!
How can I?
Not when, my head's just
throbbing with frustration!
I might explode!
[REVOLUTIONARIES gasp]
Or maybe not!
[REVOLUTIONARIES]
You had us going!
Heehaw!
[IVANKOV]
You certainly kept me waiting!
What could be more
important than me?
Sorry.
[IVANKOV gasps]
Goodness, is that...?
That boy's in rough shape.
Hey! Hurt boy!
Help! Get the medic!
[REVOLUTIONARY B]
Prepare treatment! Go!
He's awake!
[screams]
[INAZUMA]
Don't startle the poor thing.
Gimme a break!
I wasn't trying to!
Rude! You big ole meanie.
What the-- Where am I?
You're onboard our ship.
It says "Sabo"
on all your belongings.
I'm guessing that's your name.
Sabo? I dunno.
That can't be right.
Well. Then what is
your name, boy?
No idea.
Think he lost his memory?
Perhaps.
[DRAGON] You're telling me, the
kid doesn't remember a thing?
[REVOLUTIONARY D]
No. Not even his own name.
Well, I found the boy
washed up ashore
over in the Highland
of the Goa Kingdom.
I'm sure that means he's got
some noble blood in him.
I bet you his parents
are worried sick.
We should take him back.
No thanks. Don't bother!
Why not?
I dunno why!
I just... have a feeling
telling me not to go!
[IVANKOV]
We can't have you freeloading
on this ship forever, squirt!
We have things to do!
You'll get in the way!
That's fine.
Then drop me off
anywhere else but back there!
[REVOLUTIONARIES gasp]
You're just a kid!
That would be irresponsible!
I'm begging you.
Well, Dragon, whatcha think?
[TANK] You won't run into
the Navy around these parts.
And the town doctor
should be arriving shortly.
We really appreciate it.
And booze?
There'll be plenty
at the banquet.
What about now? Why wait?
Suck it up.
[SAI] All right, might as well
get some rest for now.
Hold up!
[ALL]
Huh?
Cabbage! Don't you even think
about conkin' out here!
And why not?
I deserve my rest also.
Someone! Bring me a chain!
A big strong one! Now!
This freak needs a leash!
Huh? What are you doing,
Bartolomeo?
Getting' myself
a good night sleep!
[FRANKY] That's how ya
joined the Revolutionaries?
Well, kinda.
The only thing I knew for sure
was that I had this
incredibly strong desire
not to go back to my parents.
But other than that,
I didn't recall a thing.
[HACK]
Drop your center of gravity!
If you can't do this then you'll
be useless on the battlefield.
Yeah, I'm out.
My muscles are just fine.
Hold on, Sabo!
Where are you going?
Uh--
I'll train myself, thanks.
[HACK gasps]
[IVANKOV]
How's the boy doing?
[HACK]
He may have lost his memory,
but it's clear
his body remembers
how he used to move about.
I'm not sure what kinda of
hijinks he was up to before,
but clearly he was a scrapper.
I'm getting the impression
he was a problem-child.
He's quite the handful.
Oh?
[chuckles]
[HACK]
Don't think you've won!
--[SABO chuckles]
--[HACK gasps]
[REVOLUTIONARIES laugh]
You wanna piece of me,
too, Kuma? Then let's go!
[SABO screams]
Yeah, he's tough!
[grunts]
[ACE] Someday we're gonna
set sail, just like Sabo.
We're gonna live the way
we wanna live.
More free than anyone else.
[ACE]
Let's go out to sea at 17,
just like Sabo planned,
then, we'll be pirates!
[REVOLUTIONARY F] When you're
done, peel these, too.
Huh? Aww.
[chomp]
Wanna snack, too?
Take this seriously!
Jeez, I'm sorry!
[BOTH]
Sabo!
[chuckles]
[SABO grunts]
[BOTH gasp]
Hya!
Huh?
And how did he think
that would go?
Well, he's got some spunk,
taking on the higher ups.
Look for me in the papers--
it won't take long, okay?
Kick some ass! Bon voyage!
Fire!
No good. I can't reach them.
They should have opened
the front gates for us by now!
What in the blazes
could be holding them up?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL C rings]
Cuh-lick.
[SABO]
Stand by! New plan!
[REVOLUTIONARY G]
Sabo! Where are you?
--Cuh-lick.
--[REVOLUTIONARY H] Dammit!
[ALL]
Sabo!
[KOALA] He's going in
way too deep again!
[SOLDIER B]
Is he insane?
[SOLDIER C]
Take him out!
Is this guy bulletproof?
[grunts]
Now follow Sabo!
Come in, Sabo.
Confirming we've successfully
freed the prisoners!
We're leaving the rest to you!
[SABO]
Got it!
Cuh-lick.
[SOLDIER H]
Stop! You can't escape!
Look what we got here.
Blondie's alone!
[SOLDIERS gasp]
This is the spot.
Dragon Claw Fist!
[SOLDIERS gasp]
And now, Dragon Breath!
[SOLDIERS scream]
[SABO]
And that takes care of that.
Had to show-off, didn't you?
[SABO chuckles]
[REVOLUTIONARY I]
You're really something,
accomplishing so much so young.
[REVOLUTIONARY J] I bet that it
won't be too long before
we're calling you
commander, Sabo.
Hey, that reminds me.
There's a pirate about your age
moving up in the world.
Turned down a position
in the Seven Warlords.
Oh. Right! The "Fire Fist" guy?
Yeah?
[REVOLUTIONARY I] Seems he's got
a wild streak, just like you.
Anyway. He's bound to
shake things up
in the New World, ya know?
If I remember,
his name is Portgas D...
Ace.
You do know him!
You should have told us!
Hold up. Did I just
say something?
Huh?
You got memory loss again, Sabo?
[REVOLUTIONARIES laugh]
Ahh! Perfect weather
today! Lucky me!
This won't play out
like last time.
I've been practicing this move
for ten whole years!
So you're telling me
you didn't get your memories
back until two years ago?
Yeah.
I'm surprised they
came back to you at all.
Kinda weird, isn't it?
I actually have Ace
to thank for that.
Huh?
Or that's what I believe.
It happened in the worst
possible way though.
[snoring]
That tragedy...
...is what awakened my memories.
[NARRATOR] The conflict at
Marineford was a momentous war
that changed the lives
of many, Sabo included.
After learning of
Ace's untimely death,
he becomes overcome with emotion
as his memories come
rushing back to him.
He recounts the story of
that unforgettable day
and what events
lead him to Dressrosa.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Brothers' Bond!
The Untold Story Behind
Luffy and Sabo's Reunion!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!